ENSApi docs: consolidate REST API docs into OpenAPI-driven reference (#2135)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/reference/index.mdx

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard title="Terminology" href="/docs/reference/terminology" description="Terminology for ENS development used across these docs." />
  <LinkCard title="Hosted ENSNode instances" href="/docs/integrate/hosted-instances" description="Public NameHash-hosted URLs (alpha, mainnet, Sepolia, ENSv2 previews)." />

>   <LinkCard title="REST API" href="/docs/services/ensapi/reference/api-reference" description="Interactive OpenAPI reference for ENSNode." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <LinkCard title="REST API" href="/docs/services/ensapi/reference/api-reference" description="Interactive OpenAPI reference for REST APIs in ENSApi." />
```
